hello this is second one to three to one
and this is the 13th part of my chivalry
medieval warfare weapon guide in this
episode we will be discussing the first
post released added weapon the sling
this is an odd one this sling is one of
the most ancient weapons in human
history though not common at the time
the game of chivalry takes place it was
though used in small areas the sling was
developed in Neolithic times by ancient
man essentially nothing more than a
strip of cloth along a length of rope
this was swung in a circular motion to
launch a projectile at a target this
weapon was a common sight for hunters
predating the bow and on battlefields in
the ancient era it is known that the
Egyptians commonly used slingers
extensively in combat as the sling was
cheap to produce and effective at
killing also peasants could easily be
trained on how to use the weapon however
the ride spread use of the bow and arrow
did make the sling fall out of favor to
more niche and collector roles the sling
unlike any other weapon of the game each
Hillary has no damage type as Yuna for
damage across all classes the same has 2
major attack types based on the type of
reject IO you are using the sling has
two options here for projectiles the
pebble and the LED ball the pebble will
do a minimum of 30 damage to all classes
and a maximum of 50 damage to all
classes however with the pebble you'll
gain unlimited ammo which is a
considerable benefit the LED ball is a
second option and will do slightly
increased damage while giving you the
downside of finite ammunition the let
ball does a minimum of 25 damage and a
maximum of 70 damage although both
options are lethal in two hits and
neither is lethal in one also the slings
damage is dependent on how long you
spend winding up the longer you wind up
the more damage you shall do so if you
wind up full wear with an LED ball
you'll do 70 damage if you wind up all
the way with the pebble you will do 50
damage the range is very as you wind up
more the sling is a difficult weapon to
use however in the hands of someone who
can use it the sling can be devastating
the primary slot will have the sling for
our loadout the secondary slot will
consist of the short sword for better
reach and for extra help when you get
most close-quarter situations the sling
is quite difficult to use and it's
and we'll hit your target if they're
charging at you for the special slot we
will pick the pebble we choose the
peppermint because of its infinite
ammunition this is a useful feature
especially with the sling which you will
likely spend most your time missing
unless you are trained well to put more
in favor of the pebble to let balls
damage is not that large of an increase
where would be worth the loss of
ammunition with this ancient hunting
tool at your side you will be able to
hit hard move fast and sling past your
enemies